= JSONY - Relaxed JSON with a little bit of YAML

= Synopsis

    require 'jsony'

    data = JSONY.load jsony_string

= Description

JSONY is a data language that is simlar to JSON, just more chill. All valid
JSON is also valid JSONY (and represents the same thing when loaded), but
JSONY lets you omit a lot of the syntax that makes JSON a pain to write.

= API

JSONY has one method +JSON.load+. You pass it a JSONY string and it returns the
decoded Ruby data object.

Note: JSONY is basically hand-written format, so to serialize it back to disk
you can just use the JSON dump serialization (for now), and it will round-trip
safely.

= JSONY Syntax

Here is some examples of JSONY followed by equivalent JSON:

Words don't need quotes. A list of things is an array:

    foo bar baz

    [ "foo", "bar", "baz" ]

Strings with spaces can use single or double quotes:

    'foo bar'      # <= This is (a comment indicating) a string
    # More commenting
    "baz  boom "

    [ "foo bar ", "baz  boom " ]

Top level hashes can either use ':' separated pairs or use curlies. Sub-hashes
require curlies.

    foo: { bar baz }
    num: -1.2e3

    { "foo": { "bar": "baz" }, "num": -1.2e3 }

Top level arrays can use +'- '+ at the start of lines. Those arrays go the
end of line. Lines can be continued using a trailing comma. Sub arrays require
square brackets.

    - array of 4 scalars
    - array with [ sub
      array { of
      things }]
    - array of 7 things on,
      two lines

    [
      [ "array", "of", 4, "scalars" ],
      [ "array", "with", [ "sub", "array" { "of", "things" } ] ],
      [ "array", "of", 7, "things", on, "two", "lines" ]
    ]

More soon...

NOTE: You may want to look at the tests (especially +test/decode.rb+) to see
the full abilities of JSONY.

= Status

*BEWARE!!!*

JSONY is mst's idea, and ingy's Pegex-based implementation. The language is
just a baby, and will change a lot, or may go away entirely.

Development people are currently working on this in +#jsony+ in
irc.freenode.net. Please drop by.

http://jsony.org/ coming soon.

= Copyright

Copyright (c) 2012 Ingy döt Net. See LICENSE for further details.
